hey what's up everybody so today i bring
you a 2 league updated install on the
company that was so nice of them to send
me three bundles of eurasian spring wave
i got a 14 16 18 inch i also installed
my closure to the top on this closure
was not provided by dollop express and i
will leave information on the closure
down below um this is a soda in install
i braid my hair down i put on the net
and i sold my hair on i used about two
and a half bundles of the hair the hair
is very full so you probably can get
away with two bundles it's just that I
wanted it nice and thick um let me show
you guys the natural state it is their
spring wave and it'll be up on their
website very stone I just want to show
you all the texture of the wave and this
is basically what the natural state of
the hair is in it is like a natural
brown color I did get a little bit more
information on the processes that may
have been done to this hair and
basically I was told it's just processed
by steam to get a longer lasting curl
when i first installed this hair I was
not able I didn't know if I was going to
be able to rock the natural pattern of
this hair I'm the natural state of the
hair i am not a fan of unless i had
longer limbs if i had like an 18 20 22 i
probably would have been able to feel
comfortable with the natural texture and
pattern of the hair um so when i
installed the hair i went ahead and flat
irons it and I just worked with it from
there with my closure is a very natural
light closure in a calm
the Eurasian hair very wonderfully this
closure is a Malaysian closure um so I
think it complements this hair texture
wonderfully now for as the maintenance
of the wealth there are phenomenal there
is a lot of hair on this works which I
really really love I don't feel like you
should have to buy four and five bundles
of hair to get the desired look you're
going for all you need is two bundles
and the shedding I have not gotten any
hardly any shedding very very minimal
the hair goes through really really well
when it comes out of tangles I have had
no tangles I am not even lying I have
had no tangles and I put this hair to
the freaking test because I believe in
being honest i put this hair to the test
y'all let me tell you what I did to this
hair I was at the beach for three days I
did not pack any hair products no lie x
my man I didn't pack any hair products I
didn't pack a brush nor did I pack a
cone yeah I'd be like are you kidding me
I am so series I didn't pack any of that
because i really want to put this hair
to the test when I got back home I
reached home I am merely ran to the
bathroom right here and i grabs a brush
and i begin brushing the hair and when i
say the hair was just eating i brush
honey it was eating a branch like the
brush and the hair did not have a battle
it was no war it was no algae was no
snugs no pulse honey the brush was going
straight through the hair and from there
I was like oh my gosh i will be
repurchasing from them again because i
cannot stand hair that tangles even at
the back of the name I it's not it's not
it's not it's not doing anything like
its just oh yes honey and one more thing
about this company the prices are out of
this world for the quality of hair that
should get for the amount of hair on
each bubble that you get the prices
crazy I'm crazy meaning good crazy good
or whatever I am enjoying this hair I
really am I'm enjoying the texture of it
what I really what I will say is that
when the hair was fresh out the bundle
the hair did have a luster to it that I
was not really feeling but the more and
more I washed and conditioned the hair
has a nice luster to it it's not um it
doesn't look so much like synthetic hair
anymore like it looks like a natural
texture I'm really happy with this hair
so far um I'm probably going to do a
four to six-week install with this hair
just because no I want to really give
you girls a full full review of this
hair um so I've had I've been rocking
this hair for about two weeks now and I
love it I put a few layers in it um and
these curls are old curls from last
night I just put two bantu knots in it
woke up come just brush my hands through
touch up the top and that's it this hair
is very very low maintenance if you do
not like Canada brush with you if you
you will not this hair does not share
all over the floor like issues is this
hair so far gets a plus and i will be
uploading a few more styling videos and
i will come back to you guys with the
four-week install they are having a
back-to-school stay up so right now
please do take advantage follow them i
will have all the information down below
they're awesome on and say thanks so
much for allowing me to review this hair
for you on this particular hair will be
launching release doing their website so
stay tuned for that and I will talk to
you guys in my next video bye